Update packaging-existing-software.md (#938)
NixOS/nix.dev: source/tutorials/packaging-existing-software.md

### Git and `rg`

To find name assignments in the source, search for `"<keyword> ="`.
For example, these are the search results for [`"x11 = "`](https://github.com/search?q=repo%3ANixOS%2Fnixpkgs+%22x11+%3D%22&type=code) or [`"libx11 ="`](https://github.com/search?q=repo%3ANixOS%2Fnixpkgs+%22libx11+%3D%22&type=code) on Github.

Or fetch a local clone of the repository and use `rg` (a nicer `grep` implementation, found in the `ripgrep` package).

Since you might not have `git` or `rg` installed on your system, let's start a shell with these two tools:
```console
$ nix-shell -p git ripgrep
[nix-shell:~]$ # git & rg are available in this shell!
```

Since the Nixpkgs repository is huge, it can be faster to only clone the latest revision to avoid waiting a long time for a full clone:

```console
[nix-shell:~]$ git clone https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs --depth 1
...

> [nix-shell:~]$ cd nixpkgs/

Author: I also noticed that all prompts below this line are actually wrong, since we did a `cd nixpkgs/` they should be like:
```diff
-[nix-shell:~]$ some commands....
+[nix-shell:~/nixpkgs]$ some commands...
```

Do you want me to change these as well?

```

To narrow down results, specify which subdirectory you want to search (`pkgs` folder in nixpkgs holds all packages):

```console

> [nix-shell:~]$ rg "x11 =" pkgs/

Author: My reasoning was that it makes it explicit for the reader that it is the path to a directory, not just a dumb identifier.
`¯\_(ツ)_/¯`

Add `-i` to make sure you don't miss anything:

```

> [nix-shell:~]$ rg -i "libx11 =" pkgs/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[nix-shell:~]$ rg -i "libx11 =" pkgs
```

### `nix-locate`

> Another option is to use `nix-locate` from the [`nix-index`](https://github.com/nix-community/nix-index) tool to find derivations that provide what you need.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To search derivations on the command line, use `nix-locate` from the [`nix-index`](https://github.com/nix-community/nix-index).
```

> ### `nix-locate`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Local derivation search
```
